'       # begin a display
.de DS
.sp
.nf
.RS
..
'       # end a display
.de DE
.fi
.sp
.RE
..
.TH APE 3X
.UC
.SH NAME
ape \- arbitrary precision integer arithmetic routines
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <ape.h>
.sp
.B cc ... \-lape
.br
.B f77 ... \-lape
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.I ape
library is a set of routines for arbitrary precision
integral arithmetic which may be called by either C or
F77 programs.
.PP
The routines work on the structure
.B MINT
(``multiprecision integer'')
defined by
.DS
\fBtypedef struct\fR mint {
        \fBint\fR len;
        \fBshort\fR *val;
}  \fBMINT\fR, *\fBPMINT\fR;
.DE
The member
.I len
is an integer whose sign is the sign of
the number represented, and whose magnitude is the number
of words (short integers) needed to store it.
The (absolute value of) the number itself is stored base
.if n 2^15
.if t 2\u\s715\s0\d
as an array of
.BR "short int" s
pointed to by
.I val.
Space for this array is managed
by calls to
.IR malloc "(3) and " free .
The size of the numbers representable is limited only by the
amount of core available;
on a PDP-11/45, numbers of 40,000 digits have been
successfully dealt with.
.PP
The routines themselves may be grouped into four categories:
.SH "INITIALIZATION AND REMOVAL"
.PP
.BR MINT " pointers (" PMINT "s)"
must be initialized before they can be used by the other routines.
Methods for doing this include:
.nf
.ta .5i +\w'\fBPMINT\fR shtom(sn)    'u

	new(pa)	\fBPMINT\fR *pa;

	\fBPMINT\fR shtom(sn)	\fBshort\fR sn;
	\fBPMINT\fR itom(n)	\fBint\fR n;
	\fBPMINT\fR ltom(ln)	\fBlong\fR ln;
	\fBPMINT\fR stom(s)	\fBchar\fR *s;

.fi
.DT
.I New(&a)
creates a zero
.B MINT
which
.I a
points to.
The other functions return pointers to
.BR MINT s
with values equal to their arguments
(or to the numeric equivalent of its argument for
.IR stom ).
.I Stom
follows the usual C conventions for determining the input base.
.PP
For freeing storage, two routines are provided:
.DS
xfree(a)
afree(a)        \fBPMINT\fR a;
.DE
.IR Xfree(a) " frees what " a->val
points to, zeroing
.IR a ;
.I afree(a)
also frees what
.I a
points to.
.SH ARITHMETIC
.PP
For the following conceptual descriptions, assume these
type declarations:
.DS
\fBPMINT\fR a,b,c,d,q,r;
\fBint\fR m,n;
\fBlong\fR ln;
\fBshort\fR *R;
.DE
.nf
.ta .5i +\w'reciprocal(a,n,b)    'u +.5i
	\fIRoutine	Result\fP
	madd(a,b,c)	c \(eq a + b
	msub(a,b,c)	c \(eq a - b
	mult(a,b,c)	c \(eq a * b
	sdiv(a,m,q,R)	q \(eq a / m;  R \(eq a mod m
	mdiv(a,b,q,r)	q \(eq a / b;  r \(eq a mod b
	gcd(a,b,c)	c \(eq gcd(a,b)
.if n .ds z "10^n / a
.if t .ds z "10\u\s7n\s0\d / a
	reciprocal(a,n,b)	b \(eq \*z
.if n .ds z "sqrt(a); 
.if t .ds z "\(sr\o'n\(rn'
	msqrt(a,b,r)	b \(eq \*z r \(eq a - b*b
		[r's length is returned]
.if n .ds z "a^b mod c
.if t .ds z "a\u\s7b\s0\d mod c
	pow(a,b,c,d)	d \(eq \*z
.if n .ds z "a^n
.if t .ds z "a\u\s7n\s0\d
	rpow(a,n,b)	b \(eq \*z
.if n .ds z "n^ln
.if t .ds z "n\u\s7ln\s0\d
	lpow(n,ln,b)	b \(eq \*z
.fi
.DT
.PP
.PP
In all cases, calls like
.I madd(a,b,a)
are allowed and give the expected results.
The routines dealing with
.BR int s
will all work properly no matter what the relationship between
.B short
and
.B int
except
.I sdiv
which needs the
.B int
.I m
to be no larger than the largest
.BR short .
.I Reciprocal
is the closest thing provided to decimal fractions.
.PP
Comparisons may be done with the function
.IR mcmp .
.I Mcmp(a,b)
returns something positive if
.IR a > b ,
negative if
.IR a < b ,
and zero if
.IR a \(eq b .
.SH "INPUT AND OUTPUT"
.PP
The following routines do input and
output:
.DS
\fBPMINT\fR a;
\fBint\fR n;  /* must have \fIn\fR > 1 */
\fBFILE\fR *f;
\fBchar\fR *s;

m_in(a,n,f)
        input a number base \fIn\fR from file \fIf\fR into \fIa\fR
sm_in(a,n,s)
        input a number base \fIn\fR from string \fIs\fR into \fIa\fR
m_out(a,n,f)
        output \fIa\fR base \fIn\fR onto file \fIf\fR
sm_out(a,n,s)
        output \fIa\fR base \fIn\fR onto string \fIs\fR
.DE
.I M_in
returns 0 on normal termination,
and EOF when the end of the input file is reached.
.PP
Special versions of these routines are provided for bases 8 and 10.
They are:
.DS
\fBPMINT\fR a;
\fBFILE\fR *f;
.DE
.nf
.ta .5i +\w'om_out(a,f)    'u +.5i

	Base 8

	om_in(a,f)
	omin(a)	[f=stdin]
	om_out(a,f)
	omout(a)	[f=stdout]
.fi
.DT


.nf
.ta .5i +\w'om_out(a,f)    'u +.5i

	Base 10

	fmin(a,f)
	minput(a)	[f=stdin]
	fmout(a,f)
	mout(a)	[f=stdout]
.fi
.DT
.SH "F77 USAGE"
.PP
``Frontend'' subroutines are provided to allow F77
programs to use the
.I ape
routines.
The calling program's
.BR integer s
are cast into
.BR PMINT s
by these subroutines and then passed to the appropriate
.I ape
routine.
.PP
The names and syntax of these subroutines are generally the
same as their C counterparts.
Exceptions are:
.nf
.ta .5i +\w'call minput(a,n)      'u +.5i

	\fIf77 version	C version\fP

	\fBinteger\fR n,a	\fBint\fR n;  \fBPMINT\fR a;
	\fBcharacter\fR*M s	\fBchar\fR s[M];

	call new(a)	new(&a);
	call itom(n,a)	a = itom(n);
	call stom(s,a)	a = stom(s);

	call minput(a,n)	n = minput(a);
	call omin(a,n)	n = omin(a);
	call mout(a)	mout(a);
	call omout(a)	mout(a);
	(no other I/O routines are provided)

.fi
.DT
Subroutines are also provided for conversions
between the
.B MINT
structure and the Fortran-manipulable version
of an
.B integer
and an array of
.BR integer*2 's:
.DS
integer a, length       [\fIa\fP represents a PMINT]
integer*2 vector(N)     [must have abs(length) .le. N]

call mtovec(a,length,vector)
    results in:
        length = a->len
        for i = 1 to abs(length)
            vector(i) = a->val[i-1]

call vectom(length,vector,a)
    results in:
        a->len = length
        for i = 1 to abs(length)
            a->val[i-1] = vector(i)
.DE
The latter is actually a method of initialization.
.SH FILES
.PP
.ta 2i
/usr/include/ape.h      include file
.br
/usr/lib/libape.a       object code library
.SH "SEE ALSO"
bc(1), dc(1), malloc(3), mp(3X)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Improper operations and running out of memory
produce self-explanatory messages and gratuitous
core dumps.
.SH BUGS
Input bases should be
.if n <=
.if t \(<=
35.
.br
Octal input is slower than it need be.
.br
Syntax is odd and storage management is a pain.
.SH AUTHOR
Mark Carson
